And now the festival of Eid is here.
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
Saddened by his demise.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
He said this would greatly help in improving effectiveness of the exercise.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
This figure shows the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards the self employment.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, downtrodden and marginalised into the financial mainstream.
Inspired by his vision, the ‘National Human Rights Commission’ (NHRC) was formed on 12th October 1993.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
In this context, he mentioned the issues on the agenda today, including doubling of farmers income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, Nutrition Mission and celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
This event is the first of its kind in South Asia.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
Explaining the importance of healthcare and wellness, Prime Minister said that health is the basis for all success and prosperity.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
The element of Unity in diversity being India’s speciality comes naturally to us.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government, PM said.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
These days , I keep receiving news from our states.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (mass movement).
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as ‘Jan Aushadhi Diwas’ across India, for creating awareness and providing impetus onthe use of generic medicines.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
The celebration of Ganesh Utsav publicly had become an effective medium in promoting a spirit of social awakening, integration, amity and equality among the masses besides projecting a sense of dedication and festivity in them.
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
In different games, our athletes have made the country proud.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
As democracies, we have shared values.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical industry in both countries and the importance of mutual cooperation in trade, industry and production in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sectors, both the countries have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees, from the last year of the previous government.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
It also reduces their productivity.
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
In this context, he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, insurance schemes, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
The time has now come that all political leaders and parties respect the feelings of the nation’s honest citizens, and understand the anger of the people.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
• The Transport sector will see massive changes in the next few decades with adoption of electric vehicles;
These experiences will enrich your lives.
We now have electricity in every village.
I urge you all to be a part of this campaign.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
He said this is an indication that the world accepts the relevance of Gandhi’s ideals, even today.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
The Framework Agreement has been signed on September 03, 2016.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
Reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I along with all of you pay tributes to Atalji.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy.
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
“Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his birth anniversary.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
I am confident that the business partnerships that they forge will enhance the level and momentum of our commercial engagement.
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
The visit of Your Excellency provides us with a vital opportunity to take this relationship forward.
In this regard F.SA.A.I. is engaged in promoting good eating or Safe and Healthy Diet habits.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
PM interacted with the college students from different parts if the country on this occasion.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
One new medical college will be set up for every three districts.
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
The movement should not be limited to make people literate.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for establishment of new medical colleges attached with existing district/referral hospitals.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
Creating a Structured Mechanism for Communication, Mutual Sharing of Best Practices, Creating New Initiatives for Capacity Building and Starting Joint Campaigns, are such areas which can be pursued in mutual interest.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first-ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
A single case takes years to settle.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
And, what was the main focus of all these great men?
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more number of seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not be affected.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
It used to be played in almost every state.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
The energy intensity of economies will change with focus on green energy and energy efficiency;
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
Of late, News of abundant rainfall has been steadily coming in.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
Bringing down the rate from 10 to 5 percent is a bold move.
Exchanged by
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
Speaking about the vision of holistic transformation of health sector, Prime Minister said that the approach of the Government is ‘No Silos- Only Solutions’.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
His vision was not just to treat them, but also to mainstream them into our society, he added.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
I am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women Commanders was on a voyage.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get connected with this.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all crucial issues.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
The prospect of rapid growth places a large responsibility on India’s energy sector.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
It contributes to our energy security.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
IPPB will offer a range of products such as savings and current accounts, money transfer, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and merchant payments.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
Today, with NHRC operating at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been constituted.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
He said it is also the responsibility of this gathering to make all efforts to fulfil them.
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
Today, I got the opportunity to launch the new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
A number of importantbills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
It is a huge psychological battle.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
The projects reviewed today, include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra, and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
I would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the NDRF daredevils.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
Make headway with this Mantra.
• Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
The memorial also has 24-narrative murals depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
We favor the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens unity of humankind.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
Do your best today.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
PM summed up his address, saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’, when we rise above ourselves and think about society.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
He said District Mineral Foundations will help the poor and the tribals in a big way.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
At present there are 45 lakh Self Help Groups with active participation of around five crore women all over rural India.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
Independent India has also sent one of the largest numbers of UN Peace-Keepers to places all over the world.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
Acting against corruption
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a period of one year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
Thank you, Nandri.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
He said Amul is not only about milk processing, but an excellent model of empowerment.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
Your children have benefited from this.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
He added that the Quit India Movement that began in 1942, was a decisive movement.
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
I will also address the Indian community.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
They also have unique strengths and insights.
He said Lok Adalats can play a key role in reducing pendency of cases in the judiciary.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, and the entire area would become a single economic zone.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
Today, I’m saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the ‘Swachch Bharat Mission’ a successful campaign.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
In the last two years,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
We have resolved bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
They will not be spared.
I specially thank you for your phone call.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
The very name of Shastriji evokes a feeling of eternal faith in the hearts of us, Indians.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
No new funds have been approved.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
Today is the 9thof August.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
Another example of scale would be the Renewable Energy Programme in India.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the AMRUT Mission.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
I believe that reading and knowledge should not be limited only to work related aspects.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, on 14th of September.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
Rabi sowing is up by 6 per cent compared to last year.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
This programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
Atalji was a true patriot.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
He also believed in the power of education.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
India is working on e-mobility.
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
They gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
The remaining part of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment & Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
Interacting informally with the Prime Minister, they shared their vision of a prosperous, corruption-free India.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
You will witness for yourself the ensuing change.
Brothers and Sisters, irrigation schemes are progressing.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
Currently, in most countries of the region, penetration of insurance is limited to only middle and upper-middle income groups.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Let us pledge to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism & create a ‘New India’ of our dreams by 2022.
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
“A grateful nation salutes our valorous air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
Prime Minister appreciated the contribution made by Secretary Carter in strengthening the defence cooperation between India and the United States.
On this environment day, let all of us give it a good thought as to what can we do to make our planet cleaner and greener?
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have progressed significantly, and brought about an improvement in the lives of the people in the city of Varanasi, and nearby areas.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
Let us build mechanisms to meet global expectations, he asked the Secretaries.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
He said projects worth 12 lakh crore rupees have been speeded up in this way.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
Specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree.
He also appealed to NRI community to motivate at least five foreign families to visit India every year for Bharat Darshan.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
All our sportspersons gave their best and played very well.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
He said Adi Shankara had imbibed the best of practices from different ideologies and thought.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The work of reclamation of Dal Lake is also going on.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
They have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
I wish to thank the Chief Minister, Siddharamaih ji, and his entire government for his assistance and efforts in organizing this event and making it a big success.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
He encouraged them to devote their energies to work in coordination with other government agencies to improve the quality of life in their villages.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred arbitration destinations.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
He added that India would also make an immense contribution to it.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
Giving the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the capacity to solve people’s problems.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
Thus the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of ‘Make In India’ and Skill India.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
During these last days, many great aspects of Atalji came up to the fore.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
The Indian story of economic resurgence closely mirrors that of many other parts of Asia.
They underscored the importance of reform of multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing countries.
Fourth, invest in risk mapping globally.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
Brothers and sisters, therefore it is extremely essential to create confidence in the minds of the common man by eliminating the deformities in our system.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
In his maiden attempt, he cracked the Entrance exam for MBBS at AIIMS, Jodhpur.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
My dear countrymen, I am not a Yoga teacher.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
The MoU was signed on 31st May 2018.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
His was a life devoted to alleviating suffering and removing injustice from society.
The funds will be utilized for repair, maintenance, and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges, and other damaged infrastructure.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
We are also working together on the reforms of the UN Security Council.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail signifies scale and speed.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
He added that Vietnam is a key pillar of India’s “Act East” policy.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
Prime Minister assured him of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
Together we will build such an India which will be free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
I urge you to the utmost, let’s join this initiative.
The government has stressed upon bringing more foreign investment in the country.
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially in uniting the nation.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
A boost to the rural economy through this revolution will make the Indian economy even more robust.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TSPL.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
It will provide much needed momentum to increased bilateral business and investment linkages.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared ‘fitness mantra- Fit India’ stories on social media.
Second, a series of Jan Aushadi Kendras were started throughout the country.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
Key Features of the tunnel
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
Defence production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates were also mentioned.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
Currently, we rank sixth in the production and export of honey.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make a place for itself in global trade, it should have the best of arrangements in the port sector.
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for which the foundation stone was laid today.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
Addressing the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat had faced heavy rains for the past week.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
It is no surprise that today Japan is India’s fourth largest source of FDI.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
Usually, when people’s movements have arisen, the people and the government have been at loggerheads.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
He interacted with the people, who have resolved to make the village open-defecation-free.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
We also need to give importance towards living in harmony with nature and not think about short term gains, he added.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector, PM said.
In India, we are upgrading connectivity at all levels.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
We will fully support this.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
Towards this end, real-time monitoring towards progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
Thousands of children made paintings.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
We have speeded up policy formulation in this sector.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
People are writing in from far and wide.
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
It is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
He stated that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia ties are based on the strong foundation of shared values, interests and vibrant people-to-people relations.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
We are now in the information age.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
His mild persona always fills every Indian with a sense of pride.
PM in Assam
We have to further fortify that legacy.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
